---
layout: default
title: Distributed Systems:Raft
---
Raft: In Search of an Understandable Consensus Algorithm

## Motivation
Primary Backup and MapReduce has **single point of failure**

### Leader
"We also have a leader which will serialize all the external requests."

### FLP
"An asynchronous distributed system can be safe or live, but not both."
** Consensus
"Consensus algorithms allow a collection of machines to work as a coherent group that can survive the failures of some of its members."
*** Raft Consensus Algorithm
**** Server States
1. Leader
2. Follower
"They issue no requests on their own but simply respond to requests from leaders and candidates."
Begin an election
3. Candidate
- Leader
Accepts log entries from clients
Replicates the log entry on other servers
Tells servers when it is safe to apply log entries to their state machines

How to know if a leader fails?
"Leaders send periodic heartbeats (AppendEntries RPCs that carry no log entries) to all followers in order to mantain their authority. If a follower receives no communication over a period of time called the election timeout, then it assumes there is no viable leader and begins an election to choose a new leader."
What if there is a network partition between a follower and the leader while the leader can communicate with all the other followers, will the follower still begin an election to choose a new leader?
"While waiting for votes, a candidate may receive an AppendEntries RPC from another server cliaming to be leader. If the leader's term (included in its RPC) is at least as large as the candidate's current term, then the candidate recognizes the leader as legitimate and returns to follower state."
How does the client know which is the leader, is there a view server?
"If a client contacts a follower, the follower redirects it to the leader."
What if a follower's current term is stale, redirecting the client's request to a stale leader, which is currently a follower?

Why is it safe not to replicate the log on every followers before responding to the client?

When is safe for the leader to commit an entry?
"A log entry is commited once the leader that created the entry has replicated it on a majority of the servers."

Will entry commit cause lost update? 
1. Elect a distinguished leader

** Decomposition
*** Leader Election
*** Log Replication
*** Safety

** Consensus
"Keeping the replicated log consistent is the job of the consensus algorithm."
Client -----command-----> Server (Consensus Module) -----> append to its log ------> append the log to other servers

** Transitions

** Replicated State Machines
Primary Backup Extended Version?
"Each log contains the same commands in the same order, so each state machine processes the same sequence of commands."

Which server does the client send to?
