---
layout: default
title: Distributed Systems:Bitcoin
---
# Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System
## Transaction 
### Strawman Approach
(public_key_A, public_key_B, amount) means A transfers B bitcoin
### What could go wrong?
#### Adversary publish (public_key_A, public_key_Adversary, amount)
How to know if the transaction is initiated by the sender? \\
Can be solved by adding digital signature. \\
Transaction now becomes: (public_key_A, public_key_B, amount), E(private_key_A, hash((public_key_A, public_key_B, amount))) \\
How to verify the transaction is initiated by A instead of adversary? \\
D(public_key_A, E(private_key_A, hash((public_key_A, public_key_B, amount)))) == hash((public_key_A, public_key_B, amount))
#### Adversary can publish (public_key_Adversary, public_key_B, amount)
How to verify that Adversary has this amount of bitcoins in account? \\
Can be solved by using chain of verification.


### Realistic Approach
T6: public_key_X, hash(T5), ...
T7: public_key_Y, hash(T6), signature_X
T8: public_key_Z, hash(T7), signature_Y
hash(T6) is to show that X has this amount of money
"You can trace this dollar through the entire history of this dollar, how this dollar goes to you"
#### How does Z validate T8?
- Check if his public key is in T8
- Check if T7 exists
How to know T7 exists? What if it is the hash of a random transaction?
- Verify the signature of T8
How to know the public key of Y? From T7?
#### How to prevent double spending?
T9: public_key_M, hash(T7), signature_Y \\
Use hash(T7) twice \\
Need a sequential global log. \\
Check hash(T7) only appear once and is in the transaction shown by Y to M. \\
Easy to do it in a single database controlled by an entity. But how to do this in a distributed manner? \\
Using block chain, everyone can append to this chain. \\
What if adversary add invalid transaction to the chain? double spending? \\
Not esay to do so because proof of work.
#### Proof of Work
Adversary can not arbitrariliy adding blocks to the blockchain. \\
brute force search for nounce to make the hash of current block have a lot of leading 0s. Hard to find even with a lot of parallel machines. \\
Validation is easy, simply take the hash. \\
Why take prev hash value into the block?
- Can not reuse result because prev hash is different every time you want to append.
- Ensure the integrity of previous blocks
### How to verify a payment?
If the machine has a full history of logs, which it believes is the longest proof-of-work chain, it can scan across the log and see if the transaction exists. \\
However, this requires storing full logs as well as a linear scan. \\
If the machine wants to only store the header of blocks, including previous hash and nounce. What could go wrong? \\
Since we don't store the transactions, we can not find the expected transaction locally. \\
We may consult a miner, but the miner may not give us the correct answer. \\
Instead, we need a way to validate if the miner says is true or not. \\
We use merkle tree. Miner gives back sub-merkle tree. User validate by recalculating merkle root and see if it matches the merkle root stored locally.


