---
layout: default
title: Distributed Systems:Vuvuzela
---
# Vuvuzala: Scalable Private Messaging Resistant to Traffic Analysis


## Problem with one fully trusted server
"Although the adversary cannot immediately tell which sender was responsible for a given recipient's message, he can still discover relevant information"\
How?\
Suspect Alice and Bob are communicating, block network traffic from Alice, and see whether Bob stops receiving messages.\
How to solve?\
Previous system uses broadcasting or cryptographic schemes like PIR.\
What is PIR?
Problem remained----Limited scalability\
### Key observation
"Any system that reveals some information about the number of messages exchanged is vulnerable to over many rounds, because he can use attacks like blocking one of Alice and Bob and seeing how that changes the number of exchanged messages."

## Security goals
"For each user (call her Alice), the adversary should not be able to distinguish between any of Alice's possible communication patterns, even after Alice exchanges many messages."
### Differential Privacy
"For any observation O that the adversary might make of the system, the probability of observing O should be similar regardless of Alice's communication pattern."
#### $(\epsilon-\delta)-differentially private$

"Vuvuzula cannot hide the fact that a user is connected to the system."\
Can this be optimized by using Tor relay to connect?

## Thread Model
"Vuvuzela's design assumes an adversary who controls all but one of the Vuvuzela servers (users need not know which one), controls an arbitrary number of clients, and can monitor, block, delay, or inject traffic on any network link. Two users, Alice and Bob, communicating through Vuvuzala should have their communication protected if their two clients, and any one server, are uncompromised." \
"Any one server" sounds like Tor's thread model-----The path along Tor relays does not collude.\
"Separate mechanisms are needed to let users discover each other's keys, but we consider these orthogonal to the private communication problem in this paper, which is difficult even with these assumptions."?\
"We further assume that honest Vuvuzela clients and servers faithfully implement the Vuvuzela protocol, and that there is no data leakage through side channels." Is it a valid assumption?\

## High-level Overview
### A server chain
"We assume that the chain of servers, along with each server's public key, is known to clients ahead of time; all clients use the same chain."\
Discovery and concurrency issue? What if one server is down during runtime?
### Dead Drops
Virtual locations on Vuvuzela's servers where one client deposits a message, and another client picks it up.\
Sounds like rendezvous point in Tor.\
"To hold a conversation, two Vuvuzela clients agree on a randomly chosen conversation dead drop for each message exchange."\
"Dead drops are stored in memory on the last server in the chain, and all reqeusts to this server are encrypted."\
What if the server that the dead drop is on is compromised?\
How to prevent the dead drop to agree upon from being evasdropped?\
"Dead drops are named by 128-bit IDs, so honest clients should never collide in the dead drops they choose."\
Who allocates the ID?\
If it is randomly chosen by clients, what if a dead drop is chosen by two pairs? Can one dead drop used for two communications?\

#### Invitation Dead Drop (like a mail box)
"Similarly, each user (identified by the user's public key) is assigned to an invitation dead drop, based on a hash of the user's public key."\
Dialing ------> Place a message into that user's invitation dead drop

### Synchronous Rounds
"The first server in Vuvuzela's chain is responsible for coordinating the round, by announcing the start of a round to clients and waiting a fixed amoung of time for clients to declare what dead drop they want to access."\
Does that make the first server more important?
### User access in the request
- Put a message in to a dead drop
- Get the contents of a dead drop

What is the result of a put? PutOK?\
"There is no way to access a dead drop once the corresponding round is over." Garbage collected?

### Achieving Privacy
#### Network Traffic
- Encrypt all messages
- Ensures that message sizes, and the rate at which messages are sent, are independent of user activity (via padding, splitting, etc)
- Client sends message at a fixed rate
"One implicationg of this design is that there's a fixed number of conversations that a client can participate in per round (in our prototype, we set this to one)"\
Potential direction
#### Anonymizing Dead Drop Accesses
"Dead drops are stored in memory on the last server in the chain, and all requests to this server are encrypted."\
What if the last server is compromised?\
##### Mixnet
"In particular, all requests are recursively encrypted under the public key of each server in Vuvuzela's chain. Each server is responsible for decrypting incoming requests, and randomly shuffling all of the requests in a round before forwarding them to the next server."\
Recursive encryption sounds like Tor relays, but why shuffling?
#### Hiding Dead Drop Access Counts
Noise requests-----randomly generate requests that are indistinguishable from real user requests





## Variables to hide
- Which users participated in each round \
Even users are not active, they will send empty message automatically.
- Which users accessed each dead drop
- How many messages were successfully exchanged each round


## My idea

Alice --> Server 1 --> Server 2 --> ... --> Server n \
Bob   --> Server 1 --> Server 2 --> ... --> Server n \
Alice onion repeatedly wrap the encrypted(using Bob's public key) message, every server will unwrap one layer. \
What if no onion encryption? But Alice and Bob encrypt their message, which is not known to the server. \
Assume only one server for now \
Alice --> Server --> Bob \
The server is compromised. First the server knows Alice is sending a request to the server, but the server does not know the message, it only knows which dead drop Alice tries to put her message to. Then Bob sends the request with the same dead drop ID, then the server knows Alice and Bob are talking, but the server has no idea what they are talking about. \
Will this be tackled using multiple servers. But still no onion encryption for now. \
Alice --> Server 1 --> Server 2 --> ... --> Server n \
Bob   --> Server 1 --> Server 2 --> ... --> Server n \

All the compromised server knows the dead drop id of all the requests, then they match the request of Alice and Bob, deducing they are talking. \
Server chain do not help with dead drop id matching. \
How does Mixnet help?
Alice --> Server 1 --> Server 2 --> ... --> Server n --> Bob \




### Where is the dead drop?
## What is shuffle permutation?

## Source Code
### What is pki, why is it useful?


## Protocols
### Conversation Protocol

### Dialing Protocol
"In Vuvuzela's dialing protocol, a user can send an invitation to talk to another user identified by a long-term public key."


#### How to reach the client that is invited? \\
Regularly check a specific dead drop? \\
What if that dead drop is compromised? \\
#### Invitation
Assume the invitation reaches the client that is invited, what should the invitation include? \\
What information is needed to start a conversation? \\
- public key of the inviter
- which round to send the message? What if two end sends the message in different rounds? Does dead drop still useful? \\
- which dead drop to use? Can it be derived?
#### What can the client that receives the invitation do with it?
Derive a shared secret key from public key of both sides.


